[documentation] Update the page related to the GPU support (#711)
JuliaSmoothOptimizers/Krylov.jl: docs/src/gpu.md

x, stats = lsqr(A_gpu, b_gpu)
```

!!! note

>     The library `oneMKL` is interfaced in oneAPI.jl and accelerate linear algebra operations on Intel GPUs. Only dense linear systems are supported because sparse linear algebra routines are not interfaced yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The library `oneMKL` is interfaced in oneAPI.jl and accelerates linear algebra operations on Intel GPUs. Only dense linear systems are supported for now because sparse linear algebra routines are not interfaced yet.
```
